def 0: the file of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.¹
        - Arthur Samuel, 1959
 
def 1: the science of programing computers to learn from data.² 
    Q: What instrcutions do we give the computer?
        Mathematical learning algorithms?
        Example?

def 2:⁴ a computer program is said to learn from experience E
            with respect to a task T and some performance measure P
        if its performance of T has improved as measured by P from experience E.

def 3: https://ocw.mit.edu/resou 5rces/res-ll-005-mathematics-of-big-data-and-machine-learning-january-iap-2020/class-videos/

Main Regions and Notable landmarks of the Continent of Machine Learning³:
- Supervised Learning vs Unsupervised Learning
- Batch Learning vs Online Learning 
- Instance Based Learning vs Model Based Learning 


ML Use Cases: 
    - Problems which requires creating and updating long list of rules or hand-tuning to solve.
    - Complex Problems: Problems for which there is no good traditional programming solution.
    - Fluctuating Environments: Problems for which the data is constantly changing.
    - Understanding complex problems or large volumes of data(i.e. data mining)

Chaptet 22 Core Concepts: Guttag, John. Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python: With Application to Understanding Data. 2nd ed. MIT Press, 2016. ISBN: 9780262529624

    statistical machine learning  
    generalization          
    training data
    feature vectors
        supervised learning
        regression models
        classification models
        unsupervised learning
    latent variable

    Clustering

    Features 
        def?
        Signal to Noise ratio
        feature engineering

    Distance Metrics

    Minkowski Distance

    Manhattan Distance

references:
    1 https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-0002-introduction-to-computational-thinking-and-data-science-fall-2016/lecture-videos/lecture-4-stochastic-thinking/, pg 371
    2,3 Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras and TensorFlow by Aurélien Géron (O’Reilly). Copyright 2019 Aurélien Géron, 978-1-492-03264-9.